Welcia - Town of Strange Plants

Key Inspirations: Stardew, Roguelikes, Texted-based town thing??, That character.ai convo: https://character.ai/chat/ztBK0nVQjg10OcZRqjbsLB1CadKeMrEHIZXvO-VdCfk

Core Concept:
An immersive sim rpg roguelike VN where combat isn't a main gameplay feature and it extremely rare (if in at all). You are a college/highschool student who ends up with a major final group (ties in to an npc!) project (Seperate from classes) that involves studying the unique local plant species that only appear in and around the town of Welcia. These plants have strange and unexplained (read: magical) powers and abilities. Most of these strange plants only appear in the great forest and the deeper into the forest you get the more likely you are to encounter these plants. The abilities of these plants are varied and unpredictable, one might teleport you to another part of the forest on touch, another might be perfectly safe to eat and energize you. These abilities are consistent from game to game.
There are also various npcs, divided into categories (e.g. other students, teachers, others) and only a certain amount (3-4?) of the entire pool exist in each playthrough.
Each of these npcs has their own unique personality and story and the player can work with them to investigate the plants or to learn their story over time.
The town park has walking trails that venture into the forest, and the player with their group partner must explore the forest and learn about the plants. NOTE: The plants resist modern technology lab settings, which is part of why the properties are so unknown. In addition, there isn't a recorded situation where someone has died in the forest, which is unusual and suggest that something actually helps prevent fatalities from occuring. Some basic information might be available online with research.

The game plays in a text-based manner where the player makes decisions from a list, each of which costs a certain amount of time, which then advances the game's clock.
The game also has a robust stats system, e.g. fatigue, stress, fun (Based on traits maybe??) etc.
Also a simple skill-based xp system with the player able to level up and choose from 3 random perks (more replayability)

In addition there are achievements which build up metaprogression points that give more custumizability and options when starting a new game.

One such option pertains to the character's sleep location, either a home, or an orphanage with very different gameplay consequences for each (e.g. a curfew and allowance might both depend on which one)
